# Meeting Notes - Monday, January 13

### Key Points Discussed:

- Reviewed the work completed in the previous week.

- Oleh, Petar, and Liviu engaged in a discussion about websockets and planning.

- Conducted a brief voting session to decide on retaining the HTTP backend.

- Petar intervened to prevent Liviu from becoming confrontational.

- Reviewed feedback from the Teaching Assistant (TA).

- Debated whether the client should maintain a template configuration for all servers.

- Concluded discussions on the week 7 milestone.

- Reviewed the shortcuts feature with a focus on tag integration.

- Discussed the integration of file editing with the user interface (UI).

- Addressed UI specifics related to filtering.

- Liviu and Oleh exchanged a list of areas for improvement.

### Tasks for next sprint:

Oleh: Asking for connections/information on startup and multi collections

Petar: Finish note links and some minor UI fixes

Twan: Implement tests for uncovered code and QOL updates

Pepijn: Finish embeded files and UI fixes

Liviu: Finish sync

### Questions for TA

1. What information is appropiate to have on startup?
2. Can server controllers act as services too? Why not?
3. How to document AI and other external tools uses?